pages/getting-started/installation.mdx, before:

# Installation

Getting started with Formail is easy and flexible. You can integrate Formail into your applications either by using our convenient `formail-hooks` package or by making a `POST` request. Below, you'll find instructions for both methods.

## Obtaining Your Form ID

Before integrating Formail, you'll need a unique Form ID for your form. Here's how to obtain it:

1. **Log in to your dashboard**: Visit [Formail Dashboard](https://www.formail.dev/dashboard).
2. **Create a new form**: If you haven't already created a form, you can do so by clicking the "Create New Form" button.
3. **Copy your Form ID**: Once your form is created, you'll find a Form ID associated with it. Copy this ID as you will need it for the integration process.

## Using `formail-hooks`

For a more streamlined integration, you can utilize our `formail-hooks` package.

### Installation

First, install the package via npm:

```bash copy
npm install formail-hooks
```

### Usage

Here's how to use the hook in a React component:

```jsx copy
import { useFormail } from 'formail-hooks';

const MyComponent = () => {
  const { handleSubmit } = useFormail('<YOUR_FORM_ID>');

  return (
    <form onSubmit={handleSubmit}>
      <input type='email' name='email' required />
      <textarea name='message' required></textarea>
      <button type='submit'>Send</button>
    </form>
  );
};
```

## Without using `formail-hooks`

If you prefer to handle submissions manually or are not using our package, you can make a direct POST request to our endpoint.

```js copy
const handleSubmit = async (event) => {
  event.preventDefault();
  const formId = '<your-form-id>';
  const data = new FormData(event.target);

  try {
    const response = await fetch(`https://www.formail.dev/submit/${formId}`, {
      method: 'POST',
      body: data,
    });
    if (!response.ok) throw new Error('Form submission failed');
    console.log('Form submitted successfully');
  } catch (error) {
    console.error(error);
  }
};
```

Replace `<YOUR_FORM_ID>` with your actual Form ID. The body of the request should contain the form data you wish to submit.

Commit message:

refactor to use nextra steps component

pages/getting-started/installation.mdx, after:

import { Steps } from 'nextra/components';

# Installation

Getting started with Formail is easy and flexible. You can integrate Formail into your applications either by using our convenient `formail-hooks` package or by making a `POST` request. Below, you'll find instructions for both methods.

## Obtaining Your Form ID

Before integrating Formail, you'll need a unique Form ID for your form. Here's how to obtain it:

<Steps>
### Log in to your dashboard:

Visit [Formail Dashboard](https://www.formail.dev/dashboard).

### Create a new form:

If you haven't already created a form, you can do so by clicking the "Create New Form" button.

### Copy your Form ID:

Once your form is created, you'll find a Form ID associated with it. Copy this ID as you will need it for the integration process.

</Steps>
## Using `formail-hooks`

For a more streamlined integration, you can utilize our `formail-hooks` package.

### Installation

First, install the package via npm:

```bash copy
npm install formail-hooks
```

### Usage

Here's how to use the hook in a React component:

```jsx copy
import { useFormail } from 'formail-hooks';

const MyComponent = () => {
  const { handleSubmit } = useFormail('<YOUR_FORM_ID>');

  return (
    <form onSubmit={handleSubmit}>
      <input type='email' name='email' required />
      <textarea name='message' required></textarea>
      <button type='submit'>Send</button>
    </form>
  );
};
```

## Without using `formail-hooks`

If you prefer to handle submissions manually or are not using our package, you can make a direct POST request to our endpoint.

```js copy
const handleSubmit = async (event) => {
  event.preventDefault();
  const formId = '<your-form-id>';
  const data = new FormData(event.target);

  try {
    const response = await fetch(`https://www.formail.dev/submit/${formId}`, {
      method: 'POST',
      body: data,
    });
    if (!response.ok) throw new Error('Form submission failed');
    console.log('Form submitted successfully');
  } catch (error) {
    console.error(error);
  }
};
```

Replace `<YOUR_FORM_ID>` with your actual Form ID. The body of the request should contain the form data you wish to submit.
